Add a PR template with a message about PRs needing to be for master (#39871)
godotengine/godot: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> Pull requests must always be made for the "master" branch first.
> 
> Relevant fixes are cherry-picked for stable branches as needed.
> 
> Do not create a pull request for stable branches unless the change
> is already available in the master branch and it cannot be
> easily cherry-picked. Alternatively, if the change is only
> relevant for that branch (ex: GLES3 fixes for the 3.2 branch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests should always be made for the `master` branch first, as that's
where development happens and the source of all future stable release branches.

Relevant fixes are cherry-picked for stable branches as needed.

Do not create a pull request for stable branches unless the change is already
available in the `master` branch and it cannot be easily cherry-picked.
Alternatively, if the change is only relevant for that branch (e.g. rendering
fixes for the 3.2 branch).
```
